NPM 

1)Node: Installation steps: 
	 first we should instal nodejs from nodejs website.

	1) Download nodejs.exe from download for windows.
	2) Double click to execute exe file and select for Node, Node package manager, add path
	3) Open up nodejs console and check js Console.log("testing") or any js code
	4) Check var a = 20; enter and type a and presss enter key to display result. Then use '.exit' coammant to close window.
	
2) NPM:- 
	Node package manager having plenty of node packages. 
	https://npmjs.com/ here we can find any type of npm and can download from 'node install package'
	
	it shows 58 thousends pkgs are available.
	We can search npm from website search input box or we can able to search from command prompt

	1 'npm search jquery' -to view all jquery packages, 'npm search jquery | more' to view page wise information.
	2 'npm view jquery version' -to view latest version of the jquery
	3 'npm view jquery versions' -to view all versions which is existed on jquery
	4 'npm install jquery' - to install the package and check npm list to check again package created or not
	5 'npm uninstall jquery' -to uninstall the package and check npm list to again forlder is exists or not. 
	6 'npm install underscore@1.8.2' -to install particular package installed and check npm list
	7 'npm list or ls' -to know current veriions and to view dependancy versions based on the respective dependencies tree to. 
	8 'npm init' -to create our own package or project, it is asking below details:-
		
		name: mysampleapp -> always small chars
		version: 1.0.0 ->press enter to by default version taken
		description: this is my first app
		entry point: (index.js)
		test commands: 
		git repository:
		keywords: sample trail
		authour: authour name
		licence: (ISC)
		
		Is this Ok?(Yes) -> Finally automatically created package.json based on the above input values 
				OR else 
		we can create package.js forcefully directly using with below command
		> npm init --force
		> npm init --f or -y or --yes any of these going to create package.json file

	How about the dependancies on package.json?
		> npm install underschore --save 	->to add dependancy injection modules in package.json injection modules from package.json
		>npm uninstall underscore@1.5.0 --save ->to uninstall package and removed dependancy injection modules from package.json
		>npm outdated ->to check current packages versions compared with latest versions